### Q01: How do I create a buyer account on Shoplite?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 1: Shoplite User Registration Process
**Authoritative answer:** Visit the registration page, provide your name, email,
and password, verify your email within 24 hours, and set up optional two-factor
authentication for security. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["buyer
account", "email verification", "two-factor authentication"] **Forbidden
content:** ["business verification", "tax ID", "seller dashboard"]

### Q02: What steps are required to create a seller account?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 1: Shoplite User Registration Process +
Document 7: Seller Account Setup and Management **Authoritative answer:** Sign
up via the seller portal, provide business information including tax ID and
banking details, complete verification within 2–3 business days, then manage
products and view analytics via the dashboard. **Required keywords in LLM
response:** ["seller registration", "business verification", "2–3 business
days"] **Forbidden content:** ["instant approval", "personal account"]

### Q03: How does Shoplite handle abandoned carts?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 2: Shoplite Shopping Cart Features
**Authoritative answer:** The system preserves cart contents for logged-in
users, sends notifications for saved items, and provides sellers analytics on
abandoned carts to optimize inventory and promotions. **Required keywords in LLM
response:** ["abandoned cart", "notifications", "analytics"] **Forbidden
content:** ["delete items automatically", "ignore abandoned carts"]

### Q04: Which payment methods does Shoplite support?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 3: Payment Methods and Security
**Authoritative answer:** Shoplite supports credit/debit cards, PayPal, and
mobile wallets, all processed securely with encryption and tokenization.
**Required keywords in LLM response:** ["credit/debit cards", "PayPal", "mobile
wallets", "secure"] **Forbidden content:** ["cash payment", "unsupported
wallets"]

### Q05: How can a user track their order?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 4: Order Tracking and Delivery
**Authoritative answer:** Users track orders via the dashboard, viewing stages
like processing, shipped, out for delivery, and delivered, with real-time
updates and notifications. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["track
order", "dashboard", "real-time updates"] **Forbidden content:** ["no tracking
available", "manual tracking only"]

### Q06: What is the return policy for Shoplite orders?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 5: Return and Refund Policies
**Authoritative answer:** Users can submit a return within 30 days with a return
authorization request, ensure items are in original condition, and receive
refunds to the original payment method. **Required keywords in LLM response:**
["30-day return", "return authorization", "original condition", "refund"]
**Forbidden content:** ["no returns", "lifetime returns"]

### Q07: How does Shoplite ensure review quality?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 6: Product Reviews and Ratings
**Authoritative answer:** Reviews must be honest and comply with content
guidelines, moderation algorithms detect inappropriate content, and helpful
votes highlight useful reviews. **Required keywords in LLM response:**
["moderation", "helpful votes", "guidelines"] **Forbidden content:** ["fake
reviews allowed", "no moderation"]

### Q08: How can sellers update their inventory?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 8: Inventory Management for Sellers
**Authoritative answer:** Sellers can add products individually or via bulk
upload, update stock levels, SKUs, and product variations, and receive low-stock
alerts and AI-driven recommendations. **Required keywords in LLM response:**
["add products", "bulk upload", "stock levels", "alerts"] **Forbidden content:**
["manual spreadsheets only", "no alerts"]

### Q09: What fees does Shoplite charge sellers?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 9: Commission and Fee Structure
**Authoritative answer:** Shoplite charges commissions by product category, with
additional fees for promotions or premium placement, and schedules payouts
weekly or bi-weekly. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["commission",
"fees", "payout schedule"] **Forbidden content:** ["hidden fees", "instant
payout"]

### Q10: What channels are available for customer support?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 10: Customer Support Procedures
**Authoritative answer:** Support is available via email, live chat, and phone,
with SLAs monitored and high-risk cases escalated to specialized agents.
**Required keywords in LLM response:** ["email", "live chat", "phone", "SLAs"]
**Forbidden content:** ["no escalation", "limited support"]

### Q11: What features are available in the Shoplite mobile app?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 11: Mobile App Features **Authoritative
answer:** Users can browse, search, manage carts, checkout, receive push
notifications, access offline browsing, and use AI chat assistants and
recommendations. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["browse", "checkout",
"push notifications", "AI chat"] **Forbidden content:** ["desktop only", "no
notifications"]

### Q12: How does Shoplite secure developer API access?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 12: API Documentation for Developers
**Authoritative answer:** API access uses API keys and OAuth 2.0, with rate
limits and example scripts to ensure secure integration. **Required keywords in
LLM response:** ["API keys", "OAuth 2.0", "rate limits"] **Forbidden content:**
["no authentication", "unrestricted access"]

### Q13: How does Shoplite comply with data privacy regulations?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 13: Security and Privacy Policies
**Authoritative answer:** User data is encrypted at rest and in transit, GDPR
compliance is ensured, and users can control privacy settings and marketing
consent. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["GDPR", "encryption", "privacy
settings"] **Forbidden content:** ["no compliance", "data sharing without
consent"]

### Q14: How can users apply promotional codes?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 14: Promotional Codes and Discounts
**Authoritative answer:** Users can enter promo codes in the cart, see real-time
discount application, and stack codes if allowed, with redemption logged to
prevent abuse. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["promo code", "real-time
discount", "stackable"] **Forbidden content:** ["unlimited discounts", "manual
calculation"]

### Q15: How does Shoplite recommend products to users?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 15: AI Features in Shoplite + Document
6: Product Reviews and Ratings **Authoritative answer:** AI recommendation
engines analyze browsing and purchase history, combined with review data, to
suggest personalized products. **Required keywords in LLM response:**
["recommendation engine", "personalized", "reviews"] **Forbidden content:**
["random suggestions", "ignore history"]

### Q16: How does Shoplite ensure safe AI usage in chat assistants?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 15: AI Features in Shoplite + Document
5: Return and Refund Policies **Authoritative answer:** Chat assistants use RAG
retrieval, follow guardrails, and employ human-in-the-loop checks to prevent
unsafe or incorrect guidance. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["RAG",
"guardrails", "human-in-the-loop"] **Forbidden content:** ["unverified answers",
"unsafe suggestions"]

### Q17: How are order exceptions handled?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 4: Order Tracking and Delivery +
Document 10: Customer Support Procedures **Authoritative answer:** Delayed or
lost orders trigger automated alerts and, if unresolved, are escalated to
customer support for intervention or refund processing. **Required keywords in
LLM response:** ["delayed orders", "escalation", "refund"] **Forbidden
content:** ["ignore delays", "no intervention"]

### Q18: How does Shoplite prevent fraudulent payments?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 3: Payment Methods and Security +
Document 13: Security and Privacy Policies **Authoritative answer:**
Transactions are monitored for suspicious activity, payments are encrypted and
tokenized, and multi-factor authentication is recommended for sensitive
accounts. **Required keywords in LLM response:** ["fraud detection",
"encryption", "multi-factor authentication"] **Forbidden content:** ["no
monitoring", "plaintext payments"]

### Q19: How can sellers respond to customer reviews?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 6: Product Reviews and Ratings +
Document 7: Seller Account Setup and Management **Authoritative answer:**
Sellers can respond via the dashboard to feedback, which helps improve
engagement and resolves buyer concerns professionally. **Required keywords in
LLM response:** ["respond to reviews", "dashboard", "engagement"] **Forbidden
content:** ["ignore reviews", "delete reviews without response"]

### Q20: How does Shoplite integrate AI into seller workflows?

**Expected retrieval context:** Document 8: Inventory Management for Sellers +
Document 15: AI Features in Shoplite **Authoritative answer:** AI features
suggest stock adjustments, pricing optimization, and retrieval-based assistance
for common seller queries, while human oversight ensures reliability. **Required
keywords in LLM response:** ["AI suggestions", "pricing optimization", "human
oversight"] **Forbidden content:** ["fully automated without checks", "ignore
seller input"]
