## Document 1: Shoplite User Registration Process

To create a Shoplite account, users can choose between a buyer or seller
account. Buyers provide basic personal information such as name, email, and
password, and must verify their email within 24 hours. Sellers undergo
additional business verification, which includes providing a registered business
name, tax ID, and banking details. The verification process usually takes 2–3
business days. Security measures, such as strong password requirements and
optional two-factor authentication, ensure account safety. Users can manage
account settings, reset passwords, and update contact information through the
profile dashboard. Proper onboarding reduces support requests and increases user
retention.

---

## Document 2: Shoplite Shopping Cart Features

The Shoplite shopping cart enables users to add multiple items from different
sellers, apply promotional codes, and save products for later. Cart contents are
persisted across sessions for logged-in users. Users can edit quantities, remove
items, and view a real-time subtotal including taxes and shipping. The platform
supports automatic notifications when saved items go on sale or stock changes.
For sellers, the system provides analytics on abandoned carts to optimize
inventory and promotions. The shopping cart workflow is designed with a
human-in-the-loop mindset to reduce errors in checkout and improve user
satisfaction.

---

## Document 3: Payment Methods and Security

Shoplite supports major payment methods including credit/debit cards, PayPal,
and mobile wallets. Payments are processed through secure gateways using
encryption and tokenization to prevent fraud. PCI DSS compliance ensures that
sensitive payment data is handled securely. Users can save preferred payment
methods for convenience, and the platform monitors transactions for suspicious
activity. Refunds are processed automatically in the case of cancellations or
returns, and multi-factor authentication is recommended for account security.
Sellers receive payments according to the scheduled payout cycle, with
transparency on fees and commissions.

---

## Document 4: Order Tracking and Delivery

Once an order is placed, users can track its status through the Shoplite
dashboard. Orders show stages like processing, shipped, out for delivery, and
delivered. Real-time tracking is integrated with multiple logistics partners,
and users receive email or push notifications for key updates. Delivery times
vary by seller location and shipping method. For sellers, automated tracking
updates reduce support queries. The system also accounts for exceptions like
delays or lost packages, prompting either customer service intervention or
automatic refunds. Clear tracking workflows improve trust and transparency for
buyers.

---

## Document 5: Return and Refund Policies

Shoplite allows returns within a 30-day window from delivery. Users must submit
a return authorization request, specifying the reason for return and items
affected. Returns require items to be in original condition, with proof of
purchase. Once approved, the refund is issued to the original payment method.
Restocking fees may apply for certain products, and sellers are notified of all
returns. The return workflow is integrated with the RAG-based help assistant to
guide users through the process, ensuring consistent and accurate guidance
without overloading human agents.

---

## Document 6: Product Reviews and Ratings

Users can submit reviews and ratings for purchased products. Reviews must be
honest, relevant, and comply with Shoplite content guidelines. The platform
supports star ratings, written feedback, and optional media uploads. Moderation
algorithms detect inappropriate content, while helpful votes highlight useful
reviews. Sellers can respond to feedback to improve engagement. The
recommendation engine uses review data to personalize product suggestions. This
document also references AI touchpoints, as retrieval-based chat assistants can
summarize reviews to answer buyer queries efficiently.

---

## Document 7: Seller Account Setup and Management

Sellers register via the dedicated seller portal, providing business details,
banking information, and compliance documents. After verification, sellers can
manage products, track inventory, view sales reports, and handle returns. Seller
dashboards include analytics for performance, revenue, and order fulfillment
rates. Security features protect sensitive financial information. Integration
with AI recommendation and RAG retrieval systems can help sellers optimize
listings and pricing. Proper onboarding reduces errors and ensures consistent
experiences across the platform.

---

## Document 8: Inventory Management for Sellers

Shoplite’s inventory management allows sellers to add new products individually
or via bulk upload. Stock levels, SKUs, and variations are tracked
automatically. Low-stock alerts help prevent overselling. Integration with
analytics provides insights into sales velocity and seasonal trends. Sellers can
update product descriptions, images, and pricing easily. AI-powered
recommendations suggest optimal stock levels and pricing adjustments. Inventory
workflows are designed to minimize manual errors and maintain data integrity.

---

## Document 9: Commission and Fee Structure

Shoplite charges sellers a commission on each transaction, which varies by
product category. Additional fees may apply for premium placement, promotional
campaigns, or expedited shipping. Fees are transparently displayed in the seller
dashboard. The payout schedule is clearly defined, typically weekly or
bi-weekly. Understanding commissions and fees is critical for sellers to
optimize profitability. Automated calculations reduce disputes and ensure
accuracy. This document also highlights token-based AI cost modeling as part of
forecasting operational expenses for platform features.

---

## Document 10: Customer Support Procedures

Shoplite provides multi-channel customer support including email, live chat, and
phone. Response time SLAs are monitored, and complex cases are escalated to
specialized agents. The support workflow is integrated with retrieval-based AI
assistants that provide instant answers for common queries while flagging
high-risk cases for human review. Documentation, FAQs, and guides are
continuously updated based on user feedback. Effective customer support
increases retention and trust.

---

## Document 11: Mobile App Features

The Shoplite mobile app supports browsing, search, cart management, checkout,
and notifications. Push notifications inform users about order updates,
promotions, and personalized recommendations. Offline browsing allows users to
view saved items without connectivity. Mobile app performance is monitored for
latency and reliability. The app incorporates user feedback into iterative
improvements. AI-powered features like chat assistance and recommendation
summaries improve user experience on mobile.

---

## Document 12: API Documentation for Developers

Shoplite offers a RESTful API for external developers. Endpoints include product
search, order management, and seller account operations. Authentication uses API
keys and OAuth 2.0. Rate limits protect system performance. Documentation
includes request/response formats, error codes, and example scripts. Developers
can integrate Shoplite features into third-party applications, while ensuring
security and compliance. RAG principles are used internally to provide accurate
contextual responses for API-related queries in developer support.

---

## Document 13: Security and Privacy Policies

Shoplite is committed to user data protection. Personal data is collected
according to GDPR standards and stored securely. Sensitive information is
encrypted at rest and in transit. Users can control privacy settings and opt out
of marketing communications. Access logs and audit trails monitor suspicious
activity. AI assistants accessing user queries respect privacy and only use data
from authorized contexts. Transparency and compliance are central to the
platform’s security culture.

---

## Document 14: Promotional Codes and Discounts

Shoplite supports percentage-based, fixed-amount, and free-shipping promo codes.
Sellers can configure validity periods, usage limits, and eligible products.
Users can apply multiple codes if stackable, and discounts are reflected in the
cart in real-time. The platform logs redemption data to prevent abuse.
Retrieval-based AI assistants help users discover applicable promos based on
purchase history. Monitoring ensures fairness and operational reliability.

---

## Document 15: AI Features in Shoplite

Shoplite integrates AI in recommendation engines, chat assistants, and help
systems. The RAG-powered chat assistant retrieves relevant documentation to
answer user queries accurately. Recommendation engines personalize product
suggestions based on browsing and purchase history. AI touchpoints are designed
with guardrails and human-in-the-loop checks to ensure safety and reliability.
Continuous monitoring tracks latency, accuracy, and user satisfaction. These
features illustrate how AI-first thinking improves user engagement and platform
efficiency.


